README.md, before:

# Loot Project Demo
### Author: Gene Yoo
### Contact: gene.y.yoo@gmail.com
### Github: <a href="https://github.com/gene-yoo">https://github.com/gene-yoo</a>

# Description
Loot is a cryptocurrency trading platform simulator built on React / Redux / Rails. Market prices are sourced every 30 seconds from the [CryptoCompare API](https://www.cryptocompare.com/api).

![Loot Welcome Page](https://i.imgur.com/nu7eyph.png)

# Core Features
1. [Search Across 1800+ Cryptocurrencies](#1-search-across-1800-cryptocurrencies)
2. [Real-Time Market Pricing](#2-real-time-market-pricing)
3. [Create Portfolio](#3-create-portfolio)
4. [View Portfolio Performance](#4-view-portfolio-performance)
5. [Buy and Sell Cryptocurrencies](#5-buy-and-sell-cryptocurrencies)
6. [User Authentication and Authorization](#6-user-authentication-and-authorization)

## 1. Search Across 1800+ Cryptocurrencies
- As a user, I am able to search for a cryptocurrency by name or symbol so that I can make informed trading decisions.

![Loot Crypto Search](gifs/search.gif)

## 2. Real-Time Market Pricing
- As a user, I am able to see market prices updated on a near real-time basis so that I can track price fluctuations.

![Loot Market Prices](gifs/market-prices.gif)

## 3. Create Portfolio
- As a user, I am able to create a custom portfolio so that I can buy and sell cryptocurrencies.

![Loot Create Portfolio](gifs/create-portfolio.gif)

## 4. View Portfolio Performance
- As a user, I am able to view my year-to-date performance so that I can track overall earnings and make adjustments as needed. 
- As a user, I am able to view earnings per cryptocurrency so that I can understand which cryptocurrencies are my highest/lowest performers.

![Loot View Portfolio](gifs/view-portfolio.gif)

## 5. Buy and Sell Cryptocurrencies
- As a user, I am able to buy and sell cryptocurrencies at latest market prices so that I can commit trades to my portfolio.

![Loot Buy and Sell Crypto](gifs/buy-sell-crypto.gif)

## 6. User Authentication and Authorization
- As a user, I am able to login to the application with my credentials so that I can view my portfolio performance.

![Loot User Auth](gifs/user-auth.gif)

Commit message:

Add user story for price fluctuation timelines
User story for 24 hour, 7 day, 1 month, and 3 month views

README.md, after:

# Loot Project Demo
### Author: Gene Yoo
### Contact: gene.y.yoo@gmail.com
### Github: <a href="https://github.com/gene-yoo">https://github.com/gene-yoo</a>

# Description
Loot is a cryptocurrency trading platform simulator built on React / Redux / Rails. Market prices are sourced every 30 seconds from the [CryptoCompare API](https://www.cryptocompare.com/api).

![Loot Welcome Page](https://i.imgur.com/nu7eyph.png)

# Core Features
1. [Search Across 1800+ Cryptocurrencies](#1-search-across-1800-cryptocurrencies)
2. [Real-Time Market Pricing](#2-real-time-market-pricing)
3. [Create Portfolio](#3-create-portfolio)
4. [View Portfolio Performance](#4-view-portfolio-performance)
5. [Buy and Sell Cryptocurrencies](#5-buy-and-sell-cryptocurrencies)
6. [User Authentication and Authorization](#6-user-authentication-and-authorization)

## 1. Search Across 1800+ Cryptocurrencies
- As a user, I am able to search for a cryptocurrency by name or symbol so that I can make informed trading decisions.

![Loot Crypto Search](gifs/search.gif)

## 2. Real-Time Market Pricing
- As a user, I am able to see market prices updated on a real-time basis so that I can track price fluctuations.
- As a user, I am able to view price fluctuations over 24 hour, 7 day, 1 month, and 3 month timelines so that I can better understand market volatility.

![Loot Market Prices](gifs/market-prices.gif)

## 3. Create Portfolio
- As a user, I am able to create a custom portfolio so that I can buy and sell cryptocurrencies.

![Loot Create Portfolio](gifs/create-portfolio.gif)

## 4. View Portfolio Performance
- As a user, I am able to view my year-to-date performance so that I can track overall earnings and make adjustments as needed. 
- As a user, I am able to view earnings per cryptocurrency so that I can understand which cryptocurrencies are my highest/lowest performers.

![Loot View Portfolio](gifs/view-portfolio.gif)

## 5. Buy and Sell Cryptocurrencies
- As a user, I am able to buy and sell cryptocurrencies at latest market prices so that I can commit trades to my portfolio.

![Loot Buy and Sell Crypto](gifs/buy-sell-crypto.gif)

## 6. User Authentication and Authorization
- As a user, I am able to login to the application with my credentials so that I can view my portfolio performance.

![Loot User Auth](gifs/user-auth.gif)
